---
description: Here's cobogo's latest updates, from June 4th, 2021, to June 10th, 2022
---

# Week 23 - 10/06/2022

### Whitelisting Process

We are glad to have announced this week that the new simplified whitelisting process is open!

Creators can now onboard their YouTube channel to cobogo, and be eligible to earn 100 CBG and an exclusive [NFT for Content Creators!](broken-reference) And it only takes 2 minutes!

If you don't want to be left behind, join our whitelist [here](https://app.cobogo.social/).

For a tutorial on how to get started, go to [this page](../../cobogo-social/getting-started.md) (although it's very self-explanatory).

### Referral Program

Our Referral Program is also up! YouTubers that join the whitelist and fans can now invite other Content Creators to join cobogo, using their unique referral link, and they both get CBG tokens as a reward!

If you're a YouTuber, you can check the tutorial for the program [here](broken-reference).

If you're a fan, you can check it [here](broken-reference).

### New Pages

We have added some new pages to this documentation, with the goal of further explaining how to onboard cobogo and earn CBG.

There's a new page explaining how YouTubers that have been whitelisted can earn 1,000 CBG by making a video. You can check it [here](broken-reference).

As mentioned in the previous subtitle, there's also a page with a tutorial for Fans that want to invite YouTubers to join the whitelist and earn CBG for it. Go to the page by clicking [here](broken-reference).

### Design

Our new pitch deck is almost ready! We believe that with a new design it'll be easier to explain our idea to more potential investors. We've also been working on the design for the Creator Profiles.

The animation that explains how cobogo works, which we've been talking for the past few weeks, is finally ready, and we can't wait to share it with everyone in the new main website!

### Medium

We have worked this week on writing an article that sums up our Tokenomics, for those who don't want to read endless pages about it in this documentation.

It will be posted in the upcoming week.
