---
description: Here's cobogo's latest updates, from June 11th, 2021, to June 17th, 2022
---

# Week 24 - 17/06/2022

### Whitelisting and Referral Program

As stated in the previous weekly updates, we have started whitelisting YouTubers to cobogo! Everyone thast joins becomes eligible to earn 100 CBG and an exclusive Content Creator NFT. You can learn how to join [here](../../creators/getting-started.md).

We also started with the Referral Program, which allows Creators and Fans to earn CBG by referring their friends to join the whitelist!

### Design

The animation explaining what cobogo is in a fun way finally ready!

We have started implementing it to the website so we can show it to our community, but the website's design will still change.

We are very happy with how it came out, and we hope everyone likes it as well.

You can check it out here: [https://cobogo.social/](https://cobogo.social/)

### Development

Our devs have been working nonstop so we can have the [Creator Profiles](broken-reference) ready as soon as possible.

This week the devs have also worked on the new website, which we just mentioned.

### Medium

We have been working since last week in an article about cobogo's tokenomics, and we continued to do so this week.

We have also started working on an article about the benefits of being verified on social media, since cobogo will incorporate verification badges to help Content Creators advertise their work to potential clients.

You can check our previous articles [here](https://medium.com/@cobogosocial).
