---
description: Here's cobogo's latest updates, from May 7th, 2021, to May 13th, 2022
---

# Week 19 - 13/05/2022

### Medium

As usual, we continue on our mission to post quick articles with the goal of teaching beginners about crypto fundamentals.

This week we have posted an article talking about NFTs and how they can be used by communities. In this article we also announced the Content Creator NFT.&#x20;

The plan is that every Creator that finishes the onboarding process will be whitelisted and be able to mint a Creator NFT! This NFT will be valuable and will be the first authenticated Creator Proxy, which means it will only get more valuable over time.

This is pretty big news! You can read more about it [here](https://medium.com/@cobogosocial/nfts-by-and-for-content-creators-73839ab0b7cf).&#x20;

### Development

We've going at full throttle with development, which makes us even closer to launching our MVP.&#x20;

The referral program is practically ready! Our developer, Thiago, is a young talent and we've been really happy with how thing are turning out.&#x20;

You can check every commit in our [Github](https://github.com/cobogo-social).&#x20;

### Design

As mentioned before, we have been working with a really good design studio to come up with an animation that explain our mechanism in a fun way.&#x20;

This week we had a meeting with the studio and we're really excited to see how the design is coming up. Can't wait to share it with everyone!

In addition, we plan on redesigning our main website to match this animation, and we have been working on that.

### Grants

We have been applying for a few grants to help us with development costs, since we've been bootstrapping the project so far, and we have just recently advanced to next stage of a grant created by Mercy Corps, called Crypto For Good.&#x20;

They are looking for 10 startups who are leveraging blockchain to deliver financial inclusion solutions, and we believe cobogo fits perfectly in that.
