---
description: Here's cobogo's latest updates, from August 10, 2021, to August 16th, 2022
---

# Week 32 - 16/08/2022

### Unlock Protocol

On August 10th, our co-founder P., participated in Unlock Protocol's Town Hall on Twitter Spaces, where he talked about cobogo and how we will be using Unlock Protocol to monetize Creators.

We believe this was a great opportunity to share our project with more people, and because of that we got to connect with some awesome Creators.

You can read more about our planned integration with [Unlock Protocol](broken-reference) here.

### Development

This week our developer has adjusted the Creator Profiles and fixed some bugs. He has been updating the database for the YouTube videos in the profiles, and adding some new small features for them.

He also started working on Social Media connections, so Creators won't have to manually add their metrics anymore.

### Design

Regarding the UX/UI, we have been working on making the onboarding process more straight-forward, by having the Creator go straight to editing their Profiles.

We have also been creating a dashboard for Creators, so they can see their campaigns and agents.

### Medium

This week we posted another article aimed at Creator Marketing, where discussed some key aspects Creators need to take into account when deciding how much to charge for their work.

We also highlighted our co-founder P's amazing futuristic artwork that he has been making for all of our Medium articles.

You can check the article [here](https://medium.com/@cobogosocial/how-to-estimate-your-works-value-as-a-content-creator-f8282dc18334).
