overview/team.md, before:

---
description: This is the team that is currently working on the cobogo dApp.
---

# Team

### Pedro Alves (P.) - Co-founder

Pedro is a multilingual economist, finishing a master's degree related to DeFi. He has been involved with crypto since 2017, and has experience with integrations. He has worked as a blockchain researcher in the Social Tokens field for over a year.

### Rafael Lima - Co-founder

Rafael is a 'hacker of life', yogi, digital entrepreneur, software developer, and investor in the cryptocurrency ecosystem. He has founded tech companies in Brazil in the financial, software, and metaverse fields.

[Website](https://rafael.adm.br/)

### Mikael Carrara - Designer

Mikael is an UI/UX designer with skills in front-end and mobile development.

[Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mikaelcarrara/)

### Isabela Reis - Technical Writer

Isabela is a PhD student in Social Psychology, responsible for the documentation, creating content, writing Medium articles, as well as the cobogo’s team relationship with the community.

### Thiago - Developer

Thiago is a full stack developer focused on the JavaScript ecosystem and web applications development, seeking to be constantly evolving his knowledge within the subject, focusing on modern technologies for web2, and studying web3 technologies.

Commit message:

GitBook: [#273] Pivot to Creator Ownership

overview/team.md, after:

---
description: This is the team that is currently working on the cobogo dApp.
---

# Team

### Pedro Alves (P.) - Co-founder

Pedro is a multilingual economist, with a master's degree in Economics (DeFi). He has been involved with crypto since 2016, and has experience with integrations. He has been working as a blockchain researcher and now as  CEO in the Creator Economy for 2 years.

### Rafael Lima - Co-founder

Rafael is a 'hacker of life', yogi, digital entrepreneur, software developer, and investor in the cryptocurrency ecosystem. He has founded tech companies in Brazil in the financial, software, and metaverse fields.

[Website](https://rafael.adm.br/)

### Mikael Carrara - Designer

Mikael is an UI/UX designer with skills in front-end and mobile development.

[Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mikaelcarrara/)

### Isabela Reis - Technical Writer

Isabela is a PhD student in Social Psychology, responsible for the documentation, creating content, writing Medium articles, as well as the cobogo’s team relationship with the community.

### Thiago - Developer

Thiago is a full stack developer focused on the JavaScript ecosystem and web applications development, seeking to be constantly evolving his knowledge within the subject, focusing on modern technologies for web2, and studying web3 technologies.
