---
description: >-
  Here's cobogo's latest updates, from February 19th, 2021, to February 25th,
  2022
---

# Week 9 - 25/02/2022

### Scope

We have been working on expanding the scope of cobogo even more, to include more Content Creators and give them more control over their communities.

We have also communicated our community and the Dev Protocol team of our decision to be an aggregator of protocols, with our own Smart Contracts and business model. Dev Protocol wouldn’t be able to change the Protocol and cobogo wouldn’t be able to collect any Social Tokens and have a fee mechanism developed by the Protocol. cobogo would have to develop a second contract layer to collect fees, Creators would have to deposit 5% of their Social Tokens into a contract so that cobogo would have the right to withdraw 5% of their respective rewards. So our total collected fees would amount to 2% of the rewards in DEV tokens.&#x20;

For that, we plan on integrating Dev Protocol in a different, more efficient way. If DIP-55 is abolished, anyone wanting to fund YouTube Creators using DEV will be able to do so by staking for cobogo on stakes.social, and then we will redistribute most of the accrued rewards periodically to the top YouTube Creators on our platform. This way we will maximize the demand for the DEV token and the utility of the CBG token.

### Development

We're wrapping up with the development of the onboarding process, including the mobile version, to have it up as soon as possible. We hope to have the wait list open in the next couple of weeks.

### Ethereum Rio

Our team will be at Ethereum Rio, to be held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on March 11th to 20th.&#x20;

We believe this is going to be a great opportunity to connect with potential partners and investors, as well as learn from them.

For any questions or suggestions, feel free to reach out to us on our [Telegram](https://t.me/cobogosocial) group.&#x20;

